Circuit breaker action log && fallback on failure strategy (#60)
Knotx/knotx-fragments: handler/README.md

The `doAction` attribute specifies a wrapped simple action by its name. When `doAction` throws an error 
or times out then the custom `fallback` transition is returned.

##### Circuit Breaker Action Log

Circuit Breaker logs the following data

 - `invocationCount` - number of retries
 - `fallback` - in case fallback defined entry will contain message from exception which causes error

> Circuit Breaker log includes logs produces by wrapped action. Each  `invocation log` has entries:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Circuit Breaker log includes logs produced by the [`doAction`](#circuit-breaker-behaviour). Each `invocation log` has entries:
```
We use `wrapped` in that part, let's just refer to that piece of docs.

 - `duration` - how long takes execution of action - in milisecond
 - `succuess` - execution ends up with success - ()
 - `actionLog` - Wrapped action log
 
Please note that not every call can be visible in `invocation log` entry.  

> | Action call ends  | invocation log  | Wrapped action log  | 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Result                           | Invocation log  |
| :--------------------: |:-----|
| transition: `_success` |  Yes |
| transition: `_error`       |  Yes |
| TIMEOUT                      |  No  |
```
